wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/kyoshin/jma-shindo.html
./jmageo.rb > jmageo.txt
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Hokkaido.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Tohoku1.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Tohoku2.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Kanto.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Izu.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Ogasawara.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Shinetsu.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Tokai.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Kinki.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Tyugoku.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Kyushu.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Nansei1.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Nansei2.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Shuto.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Aichi.html
wget http://www.data.jma.go.jp/svd/eqev/data/intens-st/Hanshin.html
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Hokkaido.html > 1_hokkaido.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Tohoku1.html > 2_tohoku1.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Tohoku2.html > 3_tohoku2.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Kanto.html > 4_kanto.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Izu.html > 5_izu.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Ogasawara.html > 6_ogasawara.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Shinetsu.html > 7_shinetsu.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Tokai.html  > 8_tokai.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Kinki.html > 9_kinki.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Tyugoku.html > a_tyugoku.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Kyushu.html > b_kyushu.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Nansei1.html > c_nansei1.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Nansei2.html > d_nansei2.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Shuto.html > e_shuto.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Aichi.html > f_aichi.txt
./notjma_guessgeo.rb jmageo.txt Hanshin.html > g_hanshin.txt
./merge_notjma.rb > notjmageo.txt
cat jmageo.txt notjmageo.txt > mixgeo.txt
